1. Write a Java program to create a vector to store integer elements
2. Write a Java program to create a vector to store objects of a class
3. Write a Java program to create a vector to store different types of objects
4. Write a Java program to count the items of a Vector collection
5. Write a Java program to remove all elements of Vector collection
6. Write a Java program to create a clone of a Vector collection
7. Write a Java program to insert an item into Vector collection at the specified index
8. Write a Java program to replace an item into Vector collection at the specified index
9. Write a Java program to remove a specified item from Vector collection
10. Write a Java program to remove an item from Vector collection at the specified index
11. Write a Java program to add elements of a Vector to other Vector collection
12. Write a Java program to add elements of a vector to other vector collection at the specified position
13. Write a Java program to compare two Vector collections
14. Write a Java program to check whether a Vector collection contains a specified item or not
15. Write a Java program to copy elements of Vector collection into an array
16. Write a Java program to get element from Vector collection at the specified index
17. Write a Java program to get the Index of the first occurrence of the specified item in Vector collection
18. Write a Java program to get the enumeration of the values present in the Vector
19. Write a Java program to get elements from Vector collection based on an index
20. Write a Java program to get the Index of the last occurrence of the specified item in Vector collection
21. Write a Java program to check whether a Vector collection is empty or not
22. Write a Java program to get the first element of Vector using the firstElement() method
23. Write a Java program to get the last element of Vector using the lastElement() method
24. Write a Java program to iterate Vector collection using the iterator() method
25. Write a Java program to remove all elements of Vector collection contained in the specified collection
26. Write a Java program to remove all elements of Vector collection using removeAllElements() method
27. Write a Java program to remove the first occurrence of the specified element from Vector collection
28. Write a Java program to remove an element from Vector collection based on the specified index
29. Write a Java program to remove range on elements from Vector collection based on specified indices
30. Write a Java program to remove elements from Vector collection based on a specified predicate
31. Write a Java program to replace a specified element at all places with another element in Vector collection
32. Write a Java program to remove all elements of Vector collection that do not contain in the specified collection
33. Write a Java program to set an element at the specified index in Vector collection
34. Write a Java program to change the size of a Vector collection
35. Write a Java program to sort the elements of a Vector collection
36. Write a Java program to traverse the Vector collection using spliterator() method
37. Write a Java program to get the subList from the Vector collection
38. Write a Java program to convert a Vector collection into an Object array
39. Write a Java program to Accessing elements in a Vector
40. Write a Java program to Iterating over a Vector using an enhanced for loop

